---
title: Rez Wyrnas
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-09-19T02:09:58.336Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
dateCreated: 2020-09-18T22:49:39.376Z
---

**Gender:** male
**Age:** 19
**Mother:** Iz
**Father:** Dero
**Trades:** Assassin (Apprentice), Elemental Sorcery (Apprentice)
**Player:** Skye

## Physical description

Rez is a moderate sized pendragon, about 25 inches at the
shoulder.&nbsp; He has no wings or anything special, but he is
very handy with general work.&nbsp; He has amber coloured eyes,
and his fur is a very pale, nearly white, grey with several black
stripes along his back and down his limbs.&nbsp; His hair is
bladed, mostly a medium red colour, but there are several black
streaks as well.&nbsp; He has a small, black spade tattooed on
his left haunch that rather blends in with his stripes and is not
always noticed right away.

## Personality

Often quiet and seemingly cold, Rez may seem intimidating to
some.&nbsp; He lacks general social skills, but can be very
charming to those who know him well.&nbsp; He is very secretive
and cynical, and not often liked right away.&nbsp; Rez is also
very ambitious and serious, but he knows how to have a good time,
even though his humour is usually sarcasm.&nbsp; He is a quick
learner, and pretty clever, but still yearns for more.

## History

Rez grew up with his mother and father, had a pretty normal
childhood.&nbsp; He was raised with one brother and one sister,
but was never really that close to anyone except his
father.&nbsp; He did not have many friends growing up, hence the
lack of social skills.&nbsp; But he has taken his career very
seriously and has been through several years of schooling to
achieve greater knowledge.